del(6x legacy forms): delete (#582)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/comparison-of-7-x-and-6-x.md

| Live update  | Not in 6.x  | A live update is a change that is applied to a process or application on the live system, without needing to pause the platform or take a process out of service. See [Live update](live-update.md)  |
| Form mapping  | Not in 6.x  | A form is mapped to process instantiation, to case overview, or to a task. Any form that respects the relevant contract can be used. This separation between the process and the forms makes it possible to to the live update feature  |
| Business data  | A process or application can use business data managed by the Bonita Platform. (Subscription editions only)  | Now available in all editions. See [BDM](define-and-deploy-the-bdm.md)  |

> | Actor mapping  | Each actor in a process can be mapped to a Group, Role, Membership or User within an organization. The mapping can be refined using an actor filter.  | No change. Anonymous users are not supported anymore. See [Actor mapping](actors.md) and [Actor filtering](actor-filtering.md)  |

Author: You state the absence of anonymous user further down the table. Maybe it's not needed here.
Not very proud we don't support it anymore :/

Reviewer: We don't support it from 7.2, and the "support" since 7.0 was more of a hack than a feature.
The use of anonymous users was seen as bad practice at this point, hence why no effort was put to maintain it. Anyway right now it is history/a new PF as far as the product goes, and considering the purpose of this doc page, given it's one of the few point we don't support from 6.x, I feel repeating it on a related subject is not too bad.

Author: Fine by me.

| Environments  | An Environment is a set of configuration information for a particular process. It contains the following information:  actor mapping, actor filters, parameters, connector implementations, dependencies for processes and applications. By having these Environments set up in the Studio, the developer can export processes that are ready to be run for a specific target platform. At any point in time, there is only one active Environment in Studio  | No change. See [Environments](environments.md)  |
| Parameters  | A Parameter is configuration information that can be attached to a process. Parameters are configured for an Environment. Parameter values can be updated at runtime. | Now available in all editions. See [Parameters](parameters.md) and [Environments](environments.md)  |

> | Workspace API  | The Workspace API is provided to generate `.bar` files from the command line, ready for production. .BAR files are for deployment only and cannot be read by the Studio. .BOS files are for Studio interchange only and cannot be deployed to production. Each file format is optimal in term of content and is optimized for the target use case  | The Workspace API behaviour does not change, and can export pages that are mapped to process instantiation, process overview, or to tasks. It cannot export application pages that are not elements of a process. The Workspace API has been deprecated in 7.7.0, and replaced by the *LA builder* included in the tooling suite of [*Bonita Continuous Delivery* add-on](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bcd/2.0/). See [Automating builds](automating-builds.md)  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Workspace API  | The Workspace API is provided to generate `.bar` files from the command line, ready for production. .BAR files are for deployment only and cannot be read by the studio. .bos files are for Studio interchange only and cannot be deployed to production. Each file format is optimal in term of content and is optimized for the target use case  | The Workspace API can export forms that are mapped to process instantiation or tasks, and pages that are mapped to case overview. It cannot export application pages that are not elements of a process. The Workspace API has been deprecated in 7.7.0, and is replaced by the *LA builder* included in the tooling suite of [*Bonita Continuous Delivery* add-on](https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bcd/2.0/). See [Automating builds](automating-builds.md)  |
```

## Feature improvements in Bonita Studio

| Feature  | Bonita  6.x  | Bonita 7.x  |
| -------- | --------------- | --------------- |

> | UI designer  | Not in 6.x  | A new development environment for creating sophisticated, data-driven pages and forms for process-based applications. The UI designer is accessed through the Studio. See [live update](live-update.md). The 6.x forms are supported up to the 7.7.4, so that you can continue to run 6.x processes and to ease migration  |

Author: ```suggestion
| UI Designer  | Not in 6.x  | A new development environment for creating sophisticated, data-driven pages and forms for process-based applications. The UI Designer is accessed through the studio. See [live update](live-update.md). The 6.x forms were supported up to the 7.7.x, so you could continue to run 6.x processes and ease migration.  |
```

> | Process migration  | N/A| A process created in Bonita 6.x will run in 7.x (up to 7.7.4) without any modification. However, to take advantage of the new features in Bonita 7.x, you need to add contracts and migrate the forms. See [Contracts](contracts-and-contexts.md) and [Migrate a form from 6.x](migrate-a-form-from-6-x.md)  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Process migration  | N/A| A process created in Bonita 6.x could run in 7.x (up to 7.7.x) without any modification. Starting with Bonita 7.8, you must use contracts create froms outside of the studio, or migrate the forms. See [Contracts](contracts-and-contexts.md) and [Migrate a form from 6.x](migrate-a-form-from-6-x.md)  |
```

| User interface  | For users, a simple interface for starting cases and performing tasks. For administrators, an interface for managing processes and applications, and the organization, with views for monitoring process and case status  | No change for users. For adminsitrators, the case process and case monitoring views have been improved, new live update features have been added, and the application editor has been improved. See [Bonita Portal interface overview](bonita-bpm-portal-interface-overview.md)  |
| Task management  | Users can choose how to manage tasks. They can perform one task after another in list order, or select my tasks for themselves then perform them in the order they choose.  | No change for users. An administrator or process manager (or a user with an appropriate custom profile) can see at a glance that status of all tasks in a case, and can perform a task for a user. See [Manage a task](tasks.md)  |
| Mobile web portal  | A specially designed mobile interface to Bonita Portal enables users to carry out tasks from a browser on mobile devices  | No change. See [Mobile overview](mobile-portal.md)  |

> | Subtasks  | A Subtask is a part of a self-assigned existing task. A Subtask must be assigned to a specific person, by name. The assignee can be the creator  | Supported up to 7.2.4. No more substasks can be created starting from 7.3.0, but ongoing process instances should execute themselves correctly. See [Manage a subtask](subtasks.md)  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Subtasks  | A subtask is a part of an existing task. The assignee can create a subtask (to request a missing information for example) and must assign it to a specific person, by name. The assignee can be the creator  | Supported up to 7.2.4. No more substasks can be created starting from 7.3.0, but open process instances execute them correctly. See [Manage a subtask](subtasks.md)  |
```

| Replay tasks and connectors in error  | It is now possible for the administrator to replay a task or a connector that is in error. This enables a resolution of failed tasks and better service to end users. and connectors in error  | No change. See [Process configuration overview](process-configuration-overview.md) and [Mobile overview](mobile-portal.md)  |
| Anonymous user  | You can now complete a task as an [anonymous user](http://documentation.bonitasoft.com/anonymous-user), that is, without being registered in the organization. For example, on an e-commerce site, a new user can browse stock and save items to a basket, then register with the site if they want to save their basket for later or to buy something  | Not supported  |

## Feature improvements in Bonita Engine
| Feature  | Bonita 6.x  | Bonita 7.0/1/2  | Bonita 7.3 | 
| -------- | --------------- | ------------------- | -------------- | 

> | bonita_home  | A separate bonita_home for each edition and for cluster  | A common  bonita_home used for all editions, simplifying download and installation. Improved structure for bonita_home/server that is easier to maintain and customize.  | No more bonita_home. All the relevant info is store in the database, increasing performance and easing future migrations. See  [platform setup](BonitaBPM_platform_setup.md) 

Author: ```suggestion
| bonita_home  | A separate bonita_home for each edition and for cluster  | A common  bonita_home used for all editions, simplifying download and installation. Improved structure for bonita_home/server that is easier to maintain and customize.  | No more bonita_home. Relevant information is stored in the database, increasing performance and easing future migrations. See  [platform setup](BonitaBPM_platform_setup.md) 
```
